In the seconds before you die, you are allowed to know everyone who was secretly in love with you at some point. Do you want to know? And why?
What’s the most courageous thing you have ever done?
If you only can complete one important task this week, what would that be?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What’s something that no one knows about you?
When was the last time you were lost?
What book had the most significant impact on you?
Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
If you could change two things about the world, what would you change?
If you were in charge of the universe, would you make an afterlife? And why?
If you could ask God questions, what would you want to know?
When you look at the world, what is most fascinating to you?
What do you hope everyone has the chance to figure out in their lifetime?
What is humanity's greatest asset?
If you wrote a book, who would you dedicate it to and why?
What things do you wish were easier to say to people?
In your next life, what gender would you like to be born as and why?
Where do you feel the most like yourself?
What are you most excited to do in your lifetime?
What job would you be terrible at?
What website do you visit most often? And why?
What movie title best describes your life?
What age do you want to live to? And why?
What’s the best way to start the day?
What mystery do you wish you knew the answer to?
What’s the farthest you’ve ever been from home?
What TV or YouTube channel doesn’t exist but really should?
Where is the most interesting place you’ve been?
What city would you most like to live in?
What age do you wish you could permanently be?
Who has impressed you most with what they’ve accomplished?
How do you relax after a hard day of work?
What popular TV show or movie do you refuse to watch?
Where would you spend all your time if you could? And why?
What would be the most amazing adventure to go on?
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
What one thing do you really want but can’t afford yet?
What are some small things that make your day better?
What is the most annoying habit that other people have?
What game or movie universe would you most like to live in?
What question would you most like to know the answer to?
What are you interested in that most people haven’t heard of?
What are you most looking forward to in the next 10 years?
If you suddenly became a master at woodworking, what would you make?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
What amazing thing did you do that no one was around to see?
What hobby would you get into if time and money weren’t an issue?
If you didn’t have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?
What is something you think everyone should do at least once in their lives?
What’s something you’ve been meaning to try but just haven’t gotten around to it?
If all jobs had the same pay and hours, what job would you like to have?
Who’s your go-to band or artist when you can’t decide on something to listen to?
If you were dictator of a small island nation, what crazy dictator stuff would you do?
What is something that most people consider to be a luxury, but you don’t think you could live without?
What would be your first question after waking up from being cryogenically frozen for 100 years?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with, but you just don’t get the point of?
If you could turn any activity into an Olympic sport, what would you have a good chance at winning a medal for?
What piece of entertainment do you wish you could erase from your mind so that you could experience it for the first time again?
If you had unlimited funds to build a house that you would live in for the rest of your life, what would the finished house be like?
If you had a personal flag, what would be on it?
If your life was a book, what would its title be?
As the only human left on Earth, what would you do?
What are some of your personal “rules” that you never break?
What’s the best and worst piece of advice you’ve ever received?
What do you regret not doing or starting when you were younger?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done that actually turned out pretty well?
What would you do if you knew you were going to die in one day?
What could you do with two million dollars to impact the most amount of people?
If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you make?
What’s something that happened or something that someone said that changed how you view the world?
If you could have a video of anyone event in your life, what event would you choose?
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one point in time, what would that thing be?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choosing, what event would you want it to countdown to?
What do you wish you could tell yourself 10 years ago? What do you think you’ll want to tell your current self 10 years from now?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
Where are some unusual places you’ve been?
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
What’s the best / worst practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What’s the most interesting building you’ve ever seen or been in?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What’s the funniest joke you know by heart?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn’t as awesome as you thought it would be?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What’s the coolest animal you’ve seen in the wild?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren’t a professional athlete?
If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?
What’s the best and worst thing about the country you are from?
If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?